President Nalan
In fact, before you came here.
Our family council passes internal discussions
There is already a new resolution. Hmm.
The family council voted unanimously
What about our project?
Or keep it the way it was
It will not be promoted to the Ministry of Industry
What not to do for the whole industry?
You Lin's
To give up this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity
Does your Lin's Group not have a brain?
This one.
Here's the thing.
Although new energy projects
Do not match, documents have been issued
Will do my best to support
But we feel
Just do the power battery.
Rashly expand to an entire complete industry
This investment is in line with the return
I found 10 flat
Did you know
Now expanding the King's entire industry
Does it mean anything?
Did you know
If you temporarily do this project well
How high can it reach?
Did you know
The person who is sending the layout to this now.
How many already?
You are actually going to give up this
A great opportunity to win